Welcome to this edition of the vlog.
We're out at our ocean studio.
It's a lovely day.
Beautiful weather has returned to the
Virgin Islands and it's a pleasure to be
able to share the ninth Mizmowr or psalm
from Dowd, our King,
both former and returning with you.
It begins,
to the enduring guide and everlasting
director, ha natsach,
the continuously glorious,
majestic conductor in every endeavor over
an unlimited duration of time.
And this was written,
at least the preamble now reads,
upon the death of the son.
al muwth, la ha ben.
over a child dying a Mizmowr melody
and lyrics of Dowd the beloved Dowd would
experience the death of many children um
the most egregious wasn't a son but a
daughter uh well not excuse me it was
I guess it was a son his um
eldest son raped his daughter and his
third born Absalon killed his firstborn a
pretty tragic experience and also we have
the uh the death of Bathsheba's uh son
uh when uh I both
she and Dowd engaged in a really awful
relationship and it's the story that we
have told over in the library studio
pursuant to the last Mashal and so that
was also a a tragic moment in his
life and yes he had to suffer the
death of a son but then uh that
whole episode was so filled with angst and
rebellion and hatred really towards God.
That was a really bad episode.
And then there's the death of Absalom who
Dowd lamented to a great extent.
Absalom is the one who killed his
firstborn son and who did so to avenge
the rape of his half sister.
And then led a coup against Dowd,
at which point when he was killed by
Yoab, his lead general,
Dowd cried bitterly over his death rather
than celebrating the fact that a coup was
over.
Just a really an interesting period in
Dowd's life,
troubling period in Dowd's life.
So we have four ways of looking at
the death of a son.
First,
while the first of Dowd's physical bodies
was long gone, having passed away,
it was never relevant.
His soul endures, and in the end,
Dowd will return as the...
In the physical realm,
serving Yah's right hand during the
millennial celebration of Sukah,
he'll return as Elyown,
the very hand and influence of God.
And so while Dowd is the son of
God, he never died.
So this cannot speak of him in that
sense.
His body died fulfilling Passover.
His body died at the end of his
first life.
of three lives as he was seventy years
old,
but his body was meaningless to him in
all of those situations.
So at this point, a physical death,
in a physical form anyway,
is now entirely optional.
If you want to part with your physical
body, you can,
according to the equation of E=MC²
squared.
That formula,
you can go back and forth between being
comprised of light and one that has some
modicum of your body.
light energy converted into matter.
And ultimately,
Dowd's going to be able to convert some
of his light into energy,
from energy into matter at any time of
his choosing,
making a corporeal form available when
needed and while not otherwise a
liability.
Well,
then there is Dowd's second Basar body,
which was paramount importance because it
served as the Passover lamb by dying.
This body is long remembered,
but long gone,
having been incinerated before the sun
rose on Matsah and set on Pesach in
accordance with the Towrah's instructions.
As for his soul, it was deployed,
as we note, to Bethlehem.
fulfill Matsah and carry our guilt into
She'owl and then returned along with the
Ruwach Qodesh at the completion of Matsah
to enable the promise of Bikuwrym.
Well,
then there's also the children of Yisrael,
the sons of Jacob and the heirs to
the covenant.
In all manner of speaking,
they have died by the millions for having
rejected Yahowah.
And there was a time when Yahowah said
that the sword will never depart from you.
And fourth, of course,
was one of the great heartaches of life
that really anyone can suffer.
And Dowd would suffer it indeed at least
three times that we know of,
and that is the loss of a child.
And as I say, Dowd lost three.
His firstborn died on the eighth day.
His secondborn was killed by his thirdborn
so as to avenge the rape of his
sister.
and who was Dowd's eldest daughter.
The third son was then killed for having
led a coup d'etat against his father.
I guess there was actually four because
the fourth would be the son that he
had through Bathsheba prior to Solomon
being conceived and born.
So this would have destroyed a lesser man,
however, Dowd endured,
largely because it drew him closer to Yah,
eventually,
as he understood the matters of life and
death,
enabling God's son to better empathize
with his father over these rigors and the
pain associated with them.
So this is the, these are the lyrics.
I express my appreciation.
Yadah, this is with the hey ending.
It's essentially yad, which means hand,
and a female, feminine sense was yadah,
or it can be perceived as associated with
yada, knowing, the verb.
So
Yadah, I know, and therefore I am thankful,
extolling what I understand.
So yadah is either an active feminine
influence on a hand,
or it is derived from the verb yada,
to know and be familiar with.
It was written in the hifil Imperfect
jussive,
which means that it's a third-person
expression of volition.
To Yahowah,
with my whole heart and my best judgment.
I want to recount in writing, Saphar,
I have chosen to quantify and record,
to proclaim and inform,
providing a permanent accounting of all of
your wonderful deeds and amazing
revelations.
pala',
your marvelous and astonishing
accomplishments,
your awe-inspiring and fulfilling acts,
your extraordinary and distinguishing
characteristics.
Mizmowr
lyrics to saying Psalm nine, one.
So Dowd has risen to the occasion.
He has affirmed the reason that Yahowah
referred to him as his beloved son and
his anointed Messiah, as well as a king.
His thoughts and his words were devoted to
sharing what he had come to know about
Yahowah.
He was engaged in the most important and
beneficial mission in the universe.
And considering the fact that we know that
Dowd had, you know,
forty eight reasonably good years and they
were followed by
Well,
a period of at least fourteen years where
some of that he was uh in the
the depths of depression uh and I think
certainly in the last four to six years
of his life uh following an intervention
he came back around so this was likely
written either before Dowd fell into the
depths of depression at fifty six years
old or after he was
released from it and recovered.
One of those two.
So particularly relevant,
especially in the age of social media
video presentations,
which we're doing right now,
Dowd was committed to the written word.
No doubt he had a singer's and an
orator's voice, but nevertheless,
he wrote the lyrics of his songs so
that they would endure the test of time.
Further,
Dowd was the lead participant throughout
the unification of Israel and during the
fulfillment of the Miqra'.
He was always more than just a prophetic
witness,
although he was extraordinary in that
role.
When he chronicles the events transpiring
during Pesach and thirty-three CE,
he knows what he is talking about because
he endured that pain.
So this reads, I will rejoice.
I will of my own volition delight,
and I will be elated, even jubilant,
expressing my admiration,
celebrating with you.
And I want to sing to your godly
name.
Mizmowr Psalm nine two notes clearly
embracing Yahowah at this point in his
life.
It's either, as I say before,
he descended into the alcohol driven
depression that spawned the ugliness of
the Bathsheba incident,
or it is after he recovered from it
that he would have been in this mindset.
Now,
one of the things that I've come to
love about our king is that he was
not bashful in expressing his feelings.
As frustrated as he often was with his
fellow man, and sometimes even with God,
he came to endure by loving Yahowah.
And for all of these wonderful statements
of that love,
we know that there was mutual admiration
So as we all know,
in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
Dowd was said upon Yahowah's return that he
would be Elyown,
essentially all things pertaining to the
hand and influence of God.
This was set in comparison to all of
the most exalted of the earth.
And here we find further affirmation that
Elyown is one of Yahowah's titles.
Dowd's use is consistent with what we find
actually throughout the Towrah.
Most people,
especially at the loss of a child,
would say,
either blame God and be embittered towards
him or believe that for this to occur,
there must be no God at all.
And yet, Dowd searched for and found,
then embraced,
the reason behind death and the solution
for it that God had provided.
We don't have to die when we die.
Our souls can live on.
Now,
I've come to see life in this way,
Dowd's way,
which is one of the reasons I find
his life and lyrics so illuminating,
so inspiring.
With the proper attitude and with sound
thinking, we can learn and grow from,
well, every experience,
as eventually did Dowd,
particularly the most difficult one.
Now, according to many scholars,
having respect for Yahowah's name precludes
it from being spoken.
And yet, how would that even be possible?
Since no one had greater respect for
Yahowah than Dowd,
he routinely sang it aloud.
Why would he have written it into the
lyrics if it would serve no purpose?
Do you think that God would have told
us that
Yahowah's name was too sacred to pronounce.
If that were actually the case,
do you think he would tell us,
my name is Yahowah,
but don't you dare say it?
If you say it, you might mispronounce it,
and that would really upset me.
No, he doesn't say that at all.
When he chose a man to introduce his
name to us,
he chose a man who acknowledged that he
had a speech impediment of some sort.
That tells you everything you need to know
about potentially mispronouncing it.
And what God actually says is just the
opposite.
The third statement he wrote in stone is
that anyone who negates the value of his
name will never be forgiven.
So,
given the choice between Dowd's
enthusiastic desire to convey Yahowah's
name and today's religious assessment that
it should not be or cannot be pronounced,
who do you think is Tsadaq right?
And who is rasha' wrong?
Now,
Dowd's enemies are compared to those who
are averse to Yahowah,
threatening his people or
those who would deny what he has
accomplished they are typically religious
but often political and in most every
situation god's foes well they were also
opposed to the son so the father's foes
are the son's adversaries with the turning
away of my enemies
those with animosity and rancor towards me
they will stumble back as they are
expelled from your presence to reject Dowd
is to reject god to reject god is
to reject Dowd keep that in mind if
you are inherent to Judaism or
Christianity because both reject
everything Dowd represents
There is no Jesus without robbing Dowd of
his accomplishments and acclaim.
There is no Judaism without the same.
Now there is a day of reckoning,
a time in which the dividing line between
living in God's presence and being
eternally banished will be determined by
our love for Yahowah's name and our
appreciation for what he and his son have
done for us.
Upon their return,
the souls of those who are not covenant
will either be exterminated, expelled,
or there is that mortal remnant that will
receive the benefit of a second chance
through the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah
on Taruwah.
So there was something extraordinarily
important articulated here that I suspect
most everyone will have a tendency to move
right past without notice.
Even though I tried to attune everyone to
it prior to and after Dowd's
pronouncement.
Those who are opposed to what the son
has accomplished, who are averse to him,
are excluded from Yahowah's presence.
They are permanently estranged with their
souls.
either annihilated or incarcerated,
and neither are good options.
And the reasons are many,
beginning with Dowd's role through the
Mowedym.
One cannot benefit from that which they
deny,
such that the realization that Ha Mashyach
served as the Pesach Ayil,
opening heaven's door while extending our
lives, is lost on them.
His Nepesh soul carried our lives,
guilt this pervasive fungus of the
people's propensity to contaminate
themselves with religion and politics into
she'owl during Matsah perfecting if you
will the certainly making not guilty the
children of the covenant as a result those
who acknowledge and accept what father and
son have accomplished
are prepared to enter Yahowah's presence
and to be adopted into his family.
That is how the three spring, Miqraey,
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
enable the benefits of the covenant,
all five of them.
So Dowd epitomizes, and much of his life,
Yisrael,
and probably more so after his horrid
affair with Bathsheba,
And he is also, on the positive side,
the exemplar of the covenant of how we
can be wrong and made right.
How we can fall and be raised back
up.
And it is through him that the very
covenant was established,
according to God.
To be averse to the covenant or to
Dowd, well,
that will exclude a soul from the presence
of God.
because he favors and cherishes his
covenant and his son above all others.
Now,
Dowd approached Yahowah intellectually,
but also emotionally, even experimentally.
He knew exactly what he was doing most
of the time and why it was important.
And he was fully cognizant,
a great deal of his life,
of what the result would be.
He was a wholehearted participant and
genuinely devoted to the relationship.
And as such,
he engaged doing what his father desired.
And those who fail to appreciate this and
misconstrue Dowd's life and the purpose of
the covenant, well,
they do so to their own detriment.
Therefore,
it would be fair to say that we
approach Yahowah by what Moseh wrote about
and what Dowd has accomplished.
They're hand in glove, aren't they?
It is as it should be, really.
As it was with Dowd,
so can it be with us.
Yahowah introduced Himself to us in His
Towrah,
and He proved His existence through His
prophets.
He has provided all of the information we
need to exercise good judgment.
To determine what is right and wrong about
God.
Now this process is interactive.
With Yahowah revealing and us observing and
responding.
Both have to happen.
God's done his part.
Now it's up to you.
Now Yahowah designated and equipped us for
this purpose.
The ninth
Mizmowr
reads,
For you have acted upon and engaged in
my decision-making process regarding my
means to resolve disputes.
ʿAsah means to act, to engage, to do,
to work.
And Mishpat is a compound of my to
ponder the implications of Shaphat,
which is to decide,
to exercise good judgment.
And my ability to judge and to be
judgmental,
distinguishing between right and wrong,
wa dyn 'any
And we know of the man named Daniel.
Well, Daniel would be,
my God is judgmental.
Dyn means to judge,
to distinguish between right and wrong,
to differentiate between true and false.
God here, or certainly Dowd,
is saying that if you want to have
a relationship with God,
you ought to judge.
If you do not judge,
you will be judged.
It's the opposite of what is presented in
the Christian New Testament.
He goes on to say,
and you have been established,
or you have established the approach to
the seat of honor, the kise.
The seat of honor is the mercy seat
of the Ark of the Covenant.
It is also Dowd's throne,
and it will be Dowd's throne forevermore.
The idea that you have restored and
established that is from Yashab,
which is deduced from the remnant found in
Cave Eleven of Qumran.
So you have established the approach to
the seat of honor, the throne.
You have decided and judged correctly.
shaphat tsedeq.
You have rendered the right decision.
You have been just, rational, and fair.
This is also from 11QPs,
where shaphat is second-person perfect.
It's Mizmowr
Lyrics to sing nine-four.
So this is about acting upon our best
judgment,
us making informed and rational decisions.
This was and will always be the way
that the ultimate judge will render our
fate.
And if we come to know him,
listen to what he has to say,
observe what he has written,
process it intelligently, act upon it,
then
Rather than being judged, he'll say, hey,
you want to sit next to me here
on the bench?
There is no evidence against you.
Obviously,
all of it was taken into Sheowl to
be deposited by Dowd.
And we can just smile and cozy up
and say, that'll be great.
The path to knowing Yahowah, therefore,
and understanding what he is offering and
what he expects in return is not through
obedience.
It is not through faith.
Yahowah provided His Towrah,
teaching His naby, prophets,
and Mizmowr songs,
so that we could be thoughtful and
discerning in our response to Him.
As a result,
the process to the desired result
necessitates listening before speaking,
observing before engaging.
The pronouns, I think,
are particularly telling in this
statement.
Dowd used you three times,
indicating that he is addressing Yahowah,
showing that God acted and engaged based
upon Dowd's judgment,
that God established the seat of honor and
that he rendered the right decision.
Me was used twice,
speaking of himself in ways that we are
more accustomed to seeing God.
For example,
it is Dowd's Mishpat decision-making
process regarding the means to resolve the
disputes between God and man that Yahowah
is acting upon.
This means that Dowd was far more than
just the Passover lamb,
since the Father was enabling their
combined plan.
Dowd had thought it through.
He was determined that by his
participation,
the most beneficial result would be
achieved.
Now,
this did not come to him until very
late in his life.
And so he's being highly reflective at
this point based upon what he had learned.
And I think, actually,
while I had previously thought that the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr was written in year
three thousand Yah,
serving as the cornerstone of that year of
the exact same amount of time from
Eden and back to Eden,
right there in the heart,
three thousand years into the six thousand
year plan.
I no longer think that's the case.
In fact, I'm rather sure of it.
The Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr was a
collaborative effort between Eythan Ha Ezrachy
and Yahowah,
whereby it was used
to restore Dowd's relationship with Yahowah
so that he would know exactly who he
is and what he was to achieve and
I think it was delivered at least four
years and maybe six and eight years prior
to the end of Dowd's first of three
lives and that this Mizmowr would therefore
have been written after it so that Dowd
had a chance to think these things through
He now knew God's plan.
He had been presented exactly who he was,
what he would achieve,
why it was important,
and he had bought into it.
He was transformed.
Now,
this realization is underscored by the
fact that Yahowah's participation was
engendered by his son's dyn,
ability to make informed and rational
decisions when confronted with the
evidence.
And boy, was he ever.
I can't wait to share my most recent
translation of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr
with you,
as well as the identity of Eythan Ha
Ezrachy.
Now in particular,
Yahowah responded to Dowd's dyn regarding
the Mishpat.
They were of like mind at this point.
God's means to exercise good judgment and
the process Dowd was now using to make
sound and rational decisions,
they were in sync.
As a consequence, God, Yashab,
established the proper approach to the
Kise,
the seat of honor and authority he had
fashioned for his son.
We are told many times that the Kise
is Dowd's.
It is his seat of honor.
It will be for all time,
for all people,
for everywhere and throughout eternity.
And this Kise,
the seat of honor I have deduced is
in fact the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant.
That's why I have come to understand that
the wings of the karuwbym
are positioned the same way they were in
the most set apart room where the arc
itself was positioned.
So that you have a wing that comes
out this way and then one that comes
this way on the back wing.
right hand corner and on the left hand
corner it would be like this a wing
that comes out this way and the right
wing of that uh karuwbym that would serve
as the back of the mercy seat leaving
the whole front of it like a chair
and it would be very much like this
chair in the sense that I have arms
probably below the camera level here but I
have arms that come out as armrests
And I have a back that would be
that the wings would form the armrest and
they would meet in the back.
I think that is how it is designed.
I look forward to seeing it again soon.
It'll be brought out of Yirmayah's Grotto
and placed under the Tent of the Restoring
Witness on the Temple Mount somewhere
after the...
Passover in 2030,
which I think is the eighteenth of April
in that year.
And it will be repositioned not only as
Dowd's throne,
but as the the mercy seat to be
anointed with the bull's blood and then
the goat on Kipurym when Dowd returns.
So this is the the very seat that
is, from God's perspective,
going to be as brilliant as the sun.
So Dowd acknowledges that his father's
approach is rational and fair,
something that he had come to understand
after the presentation of the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr.
Now, if I may digress a moment,
I have found it curious that Dowd,
approaching under the title of Gabriel,
God's most capable and courageous man,
provided the full spectrum of what he
would accomplish by fulfilling the
Spring Miqra'ey,
the invitations to meet Chag Matsah.
When these fulfillments would occur,
he told us the exact date that he
would fulfill Chag Matsah.
And he did so in Babylon.
He did so actually accompanied by Myka'el,
one who is right about God,
in what was probably 555 BCE.
Now he could have done so
through one of his Mizmowr written around a
1000 BCE and avoided the trip.
But that wouldn't be the approach that God
wanted them to take.
So he inserted Dowd and Myka'el to inform
Daniel so he could write it down and
that we could know exactly how the future
would transpire.
Now,
since Yahowah was speaking directly to and
through the prophets like Yashayah, Howsha,
Yirma'yah, Zakaryah, Mal'aky,
it is self-evident why Dowd would have
been in a very similar situation to them.
And clearly,
since he was fulfilling the Mowedym,
he was announcing what would occur.
And when he
met with Daniel,
he was in a position to say exactly
what would transpire.
It dawned on me while reading Dyn to
judge, because it is the basis,
as I have said, of Daniel's name,
God judges,
it recognizing that Babel is the very
thing that we must walk away from before
we can be invited into the Beryth
covenant.
It remains the
very place that God cannot appear or be
seen.
And one of the things I've come to
appreciate is Leah and her team's ability
to do promotions and branding for the
site.
I don't know if you've seen it yet,
but the video of Sarah and Abraham
clicking their heels as they're departing
Babylon is a genuine hoot.
anyway Daniel and Yahuwdym in babylon were
in the very place that Yahowah will be
withdrawing his people and so Dowd was
offered the perfect opportunity to explain
how that would occur when he visited and
he delivered the message personally he was
actually described as a man as was Myka'el
his compatriot and they
presented the prophecy,
Myka'el explained it,
Dowd presented it in such a way that
allowed everyone to understand how these
next seven years are going to play out.
And even the date that set the clock
ticking, two thousand years ago,
when Dowd fulfilled Chag Matsah in
33 CE,
which was year four thousand YAH.
And it also speaks to the timing that
the two witnesses will arrive to herald
his return.
So moving on to the next statement,
the Gowym Gentiles that Yahowah
continually rebukes and reprimands,
but not because of their ethnicity,
but because they have a propensity to be
religious and political.
And he calls them foreigners because he
doesn't want their religion and their
politics to seep into the culture of
Yisra'el, which of course it did.
I don't think there's any ethnicity on
earth that is as religious or political as
Jews.
So unfortunately,
they did not heed God's message.
But it is now...
that they are confronted with the
Hellenized Jesus Christ over Dowd and his
people, the Yisra'elites,
where they stole their birthright,
they stole all of the promises,
they stole their inheritance,
they stole their Messiah.
And based on this and their claims that
Jews killed their God,
they stole their lives, their freedoms,
their everything.
So the notion, of course,
is that Christianity is based upon,
is ignorant, it's irrational.
And that's, of course,
why it takes faith to believe it.
It is also hypocritical and irresponsible.
Many, if not most,
of these foreigners were ever ready to
complain that Jews who they protest are
acting illegally and do not belong,
are ruining their country and trying to
take it from them.
Never mind that their forefathers stole it
from the native peoples.
Nevertheless, as foreigners themselves,
these Gentiles want us to believe that
they are heirs to Israel and to God's
promises, although God begs to differ.
And yet they hate the very race that
provided not only the Passover lamb,
but the entirety of Yahowah's witness.
If these preposterous notions were not
interwoven to form a religion, well,
no one would believe a word of any
of it.
Now,
this is among the many reasons why Yahowah
is forever associating Gowym with rasha',
with being wrong.
It is why God is disapproving of and
will censure so many Gentiles,
although there will be many that are
brought into Yaruwshalaim in the end.
It is why the foreign souls who have
been misled and who are mistaken will be
exterminated on that day on Taruwah,
and their names and reputations will be
forgotten forevermore.
Now, this is sobering.
It is also absolute and irrefutable proof
that the Christian New Testament's
insistence that the promises Yahowah made
to Yisrael have been given to a Gentile
church.
Indeed,
every aspect of replacement theology has
no basis in reality.
The foundational claim of the Christian
religion is torn asunder by what follows.
You will rebuke and reprimand, ga'ar.
In that instance,
you will have expressed your disapproval
with the conviction because it is time to
insult and censure the gowym,
the Gentiles, these non-Yisraelites.
You will, in a moment in time,
expel and exterminate those who are
misleading and mistaken,
those who are guilty, those who are wrong.
Their names will be blotted out
forevermore, including their testimony.
And with that,
I have to pause and say,
I was wrong.
There weren't four sons that, well,
there were four sons that Dowd lost.
His first son died within eight days of
birth.
First, his next son,
the living son to adulthood,
was murdered by Absalom, another son.
And Absalom was then killed, his son,
in the rebellion.
And then Dowd also lost the son that
he had with Bathsheba.
But he's not and would not,
celebrate any of those.
And so here I'm sharing this with you
and I'm wondering,
what in the world is the real inspiration
for this?
Because Dowd was angry with God over each
of those deaths.
He lamented them.
They didn't bring him closer to God.
He did not celebrate them.
He did not speak kind words unto God
in their aftermath.
He acted like everybody else and blamed
God.
So what in the world could this be
about if it is the death of a
son and it is to be celebrated?
I know.
How about you, Rich?
God has many sons.
And one of them has been at his
side for a very long time.
He first gathered him in, um,
five thousand four hundred years ago.
That was a man known as Enoch.
Chanowk is his actual name.
Somebody who was prepared, deployed,
who was persistent in his job.
And God has brought that same soul back.
A number of times,
the very soul of Enoch returned as Mydod
when helping Moseh make it through the
liberation process.
He likely came to coordinate the
assemblage of Hebrews that had already
turned on Moseh and wouldn't listen to him
so that they were not fighting him at
the moment.
and then would have helped orchestrate the
proceedings pursuant to Pesach and Matsah
leading to Bikuwrym.
Little details like where did they get the
lambs?
Where did they get the hyssop to smear
the blood on the door?
Who provided all of that instruction to
them and made certain that they did it
as God had requested?
And we know that just days out of
Choreb, when Moseh had his meltdown,
it was Eldod and Mydod that were
presented.
to Moseh such that he heard that they
were filled with the Spirit and they were
speaking on behalf of God.
And when Yahowsha ben Nun said,
what do you want me to do?
And Moseh says, well, I don't know.
He didn't say, I don't know them.
He didn't say, who are these guys?
He said, no,
this is something we ought to celebrate.
He knew them quite well.
They had been together for some time.
The third deployment of the soul that is
known as Enoch, Chanowk,
is given two different names,
both names really just descriptive of the
role that he would play, Obed-Edom,
and then Eythan Ha Ezrachy.
And we're going to consider that insertion
of this man and the purpose and how
it would affect Dowd and therefore the
future of the world,
the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, God's very return,
the salvation of the planet,
in our program beginning this evening at
five o'clock Eastern Time,
our family hour.
But that's not what this is all about,
but it gets you up to the point
where that same soul was reinserted here
now, seventy-one years ago,
and has developed into the man you're
listening to today.
I will leave this planet as did Enoch,
as did Elijah.
with other covenant members here on
Shabuwah, either this year or next.
But when I return,
I too am a son of God.
This didn't say the firstborn son of God,
which is Dowd.
It's the death of a son.
I am that son.
I am the son whose death is to
be celebrated.
And it again is my physical body that
will be given for the very reasons that
we're listening to here.
And at the time that all of this
will take place,
because there's only one moment where this
takes place.
And that is during Taruwah in 2033
That is the time that for the first
and only time rebukes and reprimands
the gowym.
That is the time and the only time
that he will, in a moment, on Taruwah,
expel and exterminate those who are
misleading and mistaken,
the guilty and wrong among the gowym.
It is the time that their names will
no longer be remembered when they will be
blotted out.
And so, the death of a son
he is speaking of so gloriously so joyful
is mine and although I serve as his
surrogate father he knows that I too have
a role with god one that is has
developed over fifty four hundred years
and that upon my death
A great joy is going to break out,
not because the covenant family or God are
going to say, oh, God,
that guy's finally gone.
Thank God we got rid of him.
No,
it's because it's the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah,
purges the mortal remnant of Yisrael,
of the religiosity.
And it's all in anticipation of ten days
later,
Dowd returns as the Messiah and King with
his father, with Yahowah.
And that five days after that,
we are all with this mortal remnant that
has been spared by that sacrifice.
We're all allowed back into the earth,
restored into the conditions of Gan Eden.
And well, Eden means great joy.
That's why he's singing this so joyously.
Everything is restored.
So that is what he is talking about.
That there will be...
a moment in time where all of this
will take place exactly as it has been
laid out.
We will finally rid the world of the
religions of Peter and Paul,
of Akiba and Maimonides, of Mohammed,
of Karl Marx and Lenin and Mao and
Stalin.
It'll all be gone.
There will be no more Christians,
no Haredi, no Muslims, no Marxists.
And the conditions that existed in Eden,
great joy, will be returned.
And that is what God is addressing at
this very moment.
It is, quite honestly,
it'll be the greatest show on earth.
There'll be nothing anywhere close to
what we'll witness on that day.
God's not only going to bring a remnant
of appropriately
aptitude attitude you know the mindset
gowym uh into Yaruwshalaim to be purged so
they can work during the millennial
shabbat but also the jews who are not
overtly religious or political that can be
purged of that
stigma.
Um, they were brought in,
they all received the benefit of the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah.
And while that is occurring so that
they're cleansed and prepared to be in
God's presence and, and, um,
prepared for Dowd's return as King,
God is removing all traces of religion and
politics and militarism and conspiracy and
antisemitism from the planet and
terraforming the earth back into the
conditions of Eden.
Um,
all on this day.
Well,
taking all of those who have come against
Israel, incarcerating them in Sheowl,
and those who don't have the wherewithal
to benefit from the sacrifice of the Adamah
Parah, they're being incinerated.
That is the nature of this rather
extraordinary day,
and that's why Dowd is celebrating it.
And it is as it
should be and it is as it will
be now in this statement every verb was
scribed in the perfect meaning that there
is a time when this will come and
we know that it will all manifest over
the period of twenty four hours from
sunset on Taruwah the friday evening the
beginning of a shabbat
of 23 September of 2033,
running through sundown on the 24th
the Shabbat of that day,
even to the backdrop of a full solar
eclipse.
And that is when the memory of all
of those who have come against Israel will
be blotted out.
And it is an everlasting promise that God
has made for us.
So the days of the overtly political and
religious,
conspiratorial and anti-Semitic are
numbered, at least here on Earth.
The adversary will cease and be finished.
It'll be the demise of not only Satan,
but the one he has possessed at this
time, which is Donald Trump.
in a state of ruin,
deserted and wasted forever.
Additionally,
you will uproot and destroy cities and
shrines and temples such that the
remembrance of them ceases to exist.
Well,
we have another affirmation that the death
of the son he is celebrating is that
of the Adamah Parah Yada, the Nakar,
the Choter.
And he is,
as he gives his life and Yahowah does
all these marvelous,
miraculous things around the celebration
of the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
which is orchestrated by ElYah on his
return,
then God is going to cause all remembrance
of the cities and shrines and
like to disappear now will there be some
cities that remain and maybe I think
there'll be so few people that there won't
be a need to be concentrated in in
cities um I think we'll be in far
more rural in terms of the space that
we have to spread out on the earth
I know as for me no chance I’m
uh I’m gonna move into a city I
I really like
What you can see,
this is what I like,
the great open spaces all around us.
And that is what will remain because the
cities, the shrines,
and the temples are going to be uprooted
and destroyed.
God must do that to return the earth
back to the conditions of Eden.
And the first act in that regard is
that it is ha-Satan,
through his corporeal manifestation,
Donald Trump, who will arrive in...
Israel,
I think it's the 29th of January
in Ramadan during the year 2030.
He will make his pronouncement that he is
a God on the Ides of March of
that year.
We arrive then in April eighteenth on
Passover.
And over the next three,
three and a half years, it's.
Satan versus the witnesses.
And of course,
far more people will be allied with and
supportive of and champion Satan than
either ElYah or myself.
And ultimately,
this will end in the final sacrifice,
the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull from God's
metaphorical perspective.
And they're going to crush my body.
It's going to be a gruesome sacrifice.
But God then is going to use that
sacrifice as a burnt offering,
where He's going to release copious
amounts of water from underneath the
Temple Mount,
and the combination of the cleansing
waters and these searing flames of the
fire,
and they all mixed with the ash and
its cleansing properties.
All of those who he has gathered in
Yaruwshalaim around the Temple Mount are
going to be purged of their politics and
religiosity so that they're prepared to
enter
this restoration of the earth into the
conditions of Eden.
It's going to be a marvelous experience.
And all around us,
it'll be fires incinerating all of those
who have come against Israel,
all traces of religion and politics,
conspiracy and anti-Semitism, militarism.
And in this place,
you're going to witness God literally
transforming the earth into a perfect and
pristine environment.
It's going to be extraordinary.
It's only seven and a half years from
this time.
That is what,
that's what Dowd's celebrating here.
Isn't it amazing?
Live and learn.
You know,
you would never have known this simply
translating a
Mizmowr
Ten years ago, even.
In fact, five years ago,
I probably would not have been able to
do this.
And I translated the first volume.
This is the last chapter of the first
volume of Coming Home.
Oh,
I think I probably would have done this
translation and written this analysis.
Oh, every bit of ten years ago now,
maybe further could have been twelve.
And it wasn't until two years ago.
that we began to learn of the story
of the Adamah Parah.
And now every day,
literally every day is a godsend of
insights that prepare you to be able to
explain what it is that we're seeing,
what it is we're hearing from God.
So for the earth to return to the
conditions enjoyed and Eden,
the adversary who encouraged Adam and
Chawah to rebel against Yahowah,
must be stopped.
And his last move is to strike out
at ah,
at God's representative,
the man that he chose long ago as
Chanowk, who he has redeployed over time.
And he's going to lash out and take
that man's physical life,
which is meaningless to him,
meaningful symbolically,
the way that God's going to use it
as the
sacrificial offering but it is a body that
is readily discarded and replaced and
that's really all I’m I’m offering in this
other than the willingness to endure the
the process and to trust god through the
process and to realize all the good that's
going to come as a result of this
and
Through the ages,
we've come to know much more about
ha-Satan,
how he manifests himself in religion,
how here he is literally embodying Donald
Trump.
I came to recognize that a year and
a half ago.
and made a series of pronouncements about
it, wrote a book.
It's the most recent book that's been
published.
It's called The Time of Trouble.
It's the volume nine of Yada Yahowah.
It's available free at YadaYah.com as are
all thirty five books there.
And I was able to prove from the
prophets
the Towrah-less one, this great betrayer,
the man that's going to destroy his
country, Israel and the world,
is in fact Donald Trump.
Which means that he's not going to die
anytime soon,
as much as we'd probably all like that
to occur.
But when I came up with that estimate
regarding him,
based upon the prophetic portrayal where
the timing and his attitude made it
I mean,
just absolutely irrefutable that he's the
man fulfilling this prophecy.
I was reluctant to share it,
not because it wasn't obvious,
the prophets made it obvious,
but because he was not only seventy-nine
years old,
and I didn't see how in the world
a man that took that poor care of
himself would even last another eight
years at the time, now just over seven.
But also,
when you take a person with just an
ordinary egotistical
sexual pervert that is elected president,
not that there's a whole lot of those
out there.
And you say this individual is not only
demon-possessed, they are satanic.
This individual is going to be the single
worst person who's ever lived,
worse than Hitler, worse than Stalin,
worse than Mao, worse than Tamerlane,
Genghis Khan,
Kublai Khan, any of the pharaohs,
any of the Caesars, Caligula, Nero,
you name it.
This is going to be the single worst
human who has ever lived because of the
demon possession,
particularly satanic possession at this
time.
And you realize that it was Christian
Magas that elected him president and that
are worshiping him as a Messiah.
You're just looking at this and said,
oh my goodness.
It is exactly as I had thought.
When I wrote my five volumes called
Twistianity,
it used to be called Questioning Paul,
it became obvious to me,
because Paul was demon-possessed,
and he was political and also religious,
and he was a confabulator.
There was no correlation between what he
said and reality, just like Donald Trump.
And exceedingly egotistical,
and by his own admission,
a sexual pervert,
that he
There was going to be very little
difference in the personality of Paul and
then Muhammad,
who I wrote five books about as well,
who was all of those things and worse.
And the person who would be known as
the Antichrist, this Towrahless betrayer,
who now I know to be Donald Trump.
And when I made that pronouncement in
November over a year ago,
I had no idea.
that he would be this bad this soon,
or there would be such overwhelming
evidence that it's true,
or that Christian Magas,
in spite of all that he has said
and done,
would continue to support him as if he
were a messianic figure.
But it's all worked out exactly as the
prophets foretold.
They have never been wrong.
So all of these individuals that have been
inspired by him through their religious,
that'd be all Muslims,
all practitioners of the Haredim strain of
Judaism and Muslims,
they're all going to go,
as well as all Marxists.
They are incompatible with the conditions
that God foresees for Eden going forward.
And therefore...
To transform the earth,
he has to purge the earth prior.
So they had a bad run,
some six thousand years of mischief and
mayhem, but it cannot continue.
And by the way,
that all was by design because it was
actually God who caused the fall of man
because Adam failed in the things that God
was looking for.
He was not successful.
particularly observant.
He was fairly lethargic and didn't engage
and wasn't responsive.
And when he made a mistake,
he doubled down and wallowed in it as
opposed to getting up,
recognizing he had erred and learned from
it and going forward.
He, none of those things
were true so god realized that in a
cloistered sheltered environment he was
never going to get any better and so
it was no point in going on he
caused the fall of man to give us
six thousand years to at least get our
act together to the point there would be
some of us that are willing to do
those three things that god is looking for
shouldn't be asking all that much to be
observant pay attention to what he has to
say and what's going on around us uh
to respond to him so that we engage
and
make our life, this world,
and the relationship with God better,
and who shows some fortitude so that when
we make a mistake,
we correct it and move on just as
I'm doing right here.
And so that we enjoy actually having the
opportunity to do that because it shows
that we're growing, we're learning.
And if we stumble and fall,
we get back up.
And if we notice somebody who is part
of the covenant that stumbles and falls,
as did Dowd.
that we give them a helping hand as
well.
And so we've had six thousand years to
get to this point.
There is enough of us that are going
to make the Shabuwah harvest productive.
And then we're going to come back and
help the mortal remnant of Yisrael.
demonstrate that they also can be trusted
so that God can remove us from this
planet, envelop us in light and energy,
and go off and explore the stars in
a manner where we know that he can
trust us to pay attention and do the
right thing.
So then, yeah, well,
He lives forevermore,
establishing the eternal dwelling place
for his seat of honor on behalf of
those who experience and exercise good
judgment regarding the way to resolve
disputes.
Mizmowr
nine, seven.
Yes,
this is the happily ever after moment
where
Yahowah and those who have been brought to
Him.
We not only get to live forevermore,
but the very seat of honor that Dowd
will be occupying as King is going to
be radiant and brilliant in our presence
as the Kaporeth at the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant.
And then all of us are going to
be in this marvelous abode that
God has created this incredibly marvelous
dwelling place that is established here on
earth and then in the universe thereafter.
It's going to be this ultimately
extraordinary circumstance.
So after the adversary is gone,
the fun begins with evil expunged,
the children of the covenant.
We'll camp out with our Father,
as will the mortal remnant,
who will have a chance to teach, guide,
and lead by example.
And we're not going to have to worry
about snakes lurking in the grass.
All the while,
we have been afforded yet another
affirmation that the seat of honor awaits
God's permanent presence on it and an
audience of those who, along with him,
ultimately come to exercise good judgment.
God is really smart and he doesn't seem
interested in wasting time surrounded by a
bunch of dummies.
And therefore,
we all must think our way to him.
And while they will be forgotten,
they will not be forgiven.
The religious will be held accountable for
robbing so many souls of the opportunity
to live and others of a life worth
living.
This continues to read,
then he himself will execute justice on
this perverse and confused world,
doing so correctly and fairly,
judging the nations and the people who are
religious and political in a
straightforward and equitable manner in
conformance with the established standard.
This is Psalm nine, eight.
And here, you know,
I have some additional knowledge and have
come to realize that Yahowah doesn't do
anything himself.
And so when he says he himself here,
the likelihood is it's not Yahowah by
himself.
Yahowah chooses to engage with us through
us.
He chose to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym through Dowd.
He will fulfill Shabuwah and Taruwah and the
approach to Kipurym.
through Yada, his Nakar.
And it is Dowd who is king of
forevermore during Sukah.
He spoke through the prophets.
When he tried to speak directly to us,
it turned out very poorly.
And he says, I won't do that again.
So he is going to...
judge those who have been
counterproductive the same way he has done
everything else.
And it will be through those that he
has chosen to accomplish his means.
And in this regard,
it isn't going to be Dowd.
I mean, he's actually saying he himself,
so it's somebody else.
And
If we pay attention to the song,
the person that's going to have this
responsibility,
now acting under the tutelage of Yahowah,
under the guidelines of Yahowah,
doing Yahowah's will,
but it's going to be that son.
who has passed on this day,
who will be brought back to life,
of course,
immediately because his soul will
continue.
And that particular individual knows
Yahowah's standard,
has spent a lot of time with God,
and is exceedingly judgmental,
which will probably work in this
particular case.
So we have considered these revelations
which indicate that Yahowah will delegate
the business of judgment.
We normally would have thought and I would
have thought and actually wrote ten,
twelve years ago that it'd be
delegated to Dowd,
but that's not the case.
Now, you can pretend, okay,
God's going to delegate to Dowd.
He's king,
and the king is going to delegate because,
well,
kings don't do that kind of business.
They have teams of people who do,
and that's going to be the case here.
The firstborn is going to give the job
to the other born is the way it's
going to work out uh and uh so
we're going to find that this will be
the fate of the la'om the wayward nations
uh and when judged there is no favorable
outcome it's one of two actually it's one
of three eventualities when uh judged
You're either judged and it's determined
that you were the victim of religion and
politics and you were not a promoter of
it,
nor did you victimize others through it.
And your soul simply ceases to exist.
Normally, that would be most people.
Towards the end,
I'm not sure that'll be the most,
but it will be a significant group.
The second is those who were deliberately
misleading.
They promoted religion.
They promoted politics, anti-Semitism,
conspiracies.
They caused others to miss the way to
God and harmed God's people.
They will be sent to Sheowl.
they you know there's no tortures and
shield it's no fires either it is just
a perpetual place uh where there is no
escape and where souls will remain forever
uh estranged from the rest of us so
they can't bother us uh and then there
is a third group and that third group
will also end up in Sheowl but not
immediately
It will be in their case,
they will be determined that they have
been so egregious and caused so much pain
that those that they tortured and robbed
and beat and did all manner of horrible
things,
whether it be through things like the
Inquisition or like the Holocaust or
whatever,
during that first hundred years of Islam
where two hundred million people were
killed, robbed, raped, and abused,
that those who perpetrated those crimes
will have earned the recompense of having
those that they abused have closure so
that the abused can be assured that those
who robbed them of their freedoms and then
their lives and who treated them so
egregiously
getting what they deserved and so there
will be a seven-fold retribution for all
of those people prior to even being sent
to Sheowl uh so that is the uh
the process it's going to be aided and
abetted by Yahowah's malak and the ruwach
will be ever present and and so it
will be just it will be fair it
will be appropriate but it will also um
be dealt with in the manner that I
have um shared.
So indeed,
ours is a perverse and confused world.
One, that a perfect being,
I'm not sure God's perfect.
He's marvelous and wonderful and brilliant
and right and generous and rational and
compassionate.
He is powerful, so many wonderful things.
Um,
perfect would be boring because then there
would be no chance for him to, uh,
to grow,
to become even more than he is.
And that's the only way you can be,
be infinite is to constantly be growing
and improving.
And I know that he doesn't want perfection
in us either.
He's looking for the things that I have
mentioned previously, being observant,
being responsive and being reliable,
being foremost among them.
But anyway,
for God to even project his nepesh here
and spend time with us,
camping out with us,
all of this trash has to be gone.
It has to be discarded.
So therefore,
Yahowah exists as a safe and secure place
to dwell.
For those who have been harassed,
afflicted and slandered,
a safe and secure place of refuge as
troubling times approach.
The troubling times that are approaching
is the time of Yisrael's troubles.
They will begin here in less than a
hundred days on the 22nd of May,
2026.
And they will last just over seven years.
I think it's seven years and four months,
concluding on Taruwah,
when all of those events that I have
already spoken of will transpire.
in 2033,
which is year 6000 Yah.
And the only way to avoid any of
this is, well,
the best way is to go to Yahowah
for as he is providing a safe place.
But that means you'll need to attend the
Shabuwah harvest.
And the only way to attend the Shabuwah
harvest is to accept
understand and then accept the five
conditions of the covenant and receive the
benefits of the covenant by understanding
and attending the Yahowah's Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym, in particular,
Shabuw'ah, Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah.
And that requires many things, you know,
knowing and loving Yahowah's name,
coming to know Dowd's role in fulfilling
these events,
having an appreciation of the Towrah as
teaching,
knowing the conditions of the covenant,
knowing how they're fulfilled through the
Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
These are all very important concepts for
us to appreciate and capitalize upon if
you're going to be part of that group.
And then you need,
if you're going to be
made eternal and empowered by Yahowah,
you not only have to show that you
are willing to be observant in this way
and willing to respond as a result,
but that you can be reliable so that
you're devoted to doing what needs to be
done.
So this safety in Yahowah is not universal.
There will be far fewer than one in
a million people that will avail
themselves of this particular harvest with
none being religious or overtly political.
And even among Yisrael and Yahuwdah,
it will be a very, very few respectively,
because most who are going to benefit for
what's going to occur will not benefit
until such time as we approach
Taruwah,
where God brings them into Yisrael and
they're purged by the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah and then ultimately enter
the Millennial Kingdom as the earth is
returned to the conditions of Eden.
How fictitious gods you must know are
highly unreliable.
The real one can be trusted and that
is not true with the Jesuses or the
Hashems or the Allahs of man's making.
Then those who know, this is Yada.
It was revealed as a participle,
which means it's a title and a name
just as much as a verb.
So those who know yada,
those who are made aware,
recognize and respect yada,
becoming acquainted and familiar after
having been shown and to acknowledge and
understand your name.
They will trust and rely upon you because
of this.
And indeed,
you have not and will not abandon or
forsake those who seek you, Yahowah.
It's interesting, of course,
that Yada was the name that I operated
in for the ten years before God decided
that it wasn't appropriate to be anonymous
anymore.
He does not do anonymous people that He
speaks through.
He acknowledges them prophetically.
And Yada was the name that I
had chosen for all of this time.
And as it would transpire, the name,
which means to know,
became a title and a name.
And it was the same fellow that
reintroduced Yahowah's name to the world.
He was the first to determine how it
was properly pronounced and prove it.
You can read that proof in the first
volume of An Introduction to God again at
Yadayah.com
um and again all free
YadaYah.com an introduction to god volume
one I proved the proper pronunciation of
Yahowah's name and I demonstrate that a
respect and reverence for Yahowah's name a
love for Yahowah's name is the essential
first step and developing a relationship
with him so these are all things that
were properly attributed to yada you know
you can look at any one of these
uh books
This happens to be one from that first
series of An Introduction to God.
This is volume three,
but they're all presented under this
title, Yada to Know Yahowah.
And so that is what this says, Yada,
Yahowah.
Worth the read,
but only if your soul matters to you.
So the benefits that we have been
discussing,
they await those seeking Yahowah and they
are not afforded to any others.
And that is going to exclude all
Christians, Haredi, Muslims and Hindus,
as well as Marxists.
At the very least,
those who seek to know the living and
true God must do so by name.
And that is the very, very least.
There is no approaching God without
respecting his name.
Of course, there is no merit whatsoever,
and it's actually a liability to know and
speak the name of Jesus, Allah, Hashem,
the Lord, or any of these.
It all comes down to Yahowah.
His Towrah is the place to find Yahowah,
to come to know Him,
to appreciate what He is offering,
and to understand what He is requesting in
return.
The only question
is really one of desire.
Do you have the want to?
Do you care about what's best for you,
your soul, and those you love?
Are you willing to invest the time to
learn the truth?
Are you willing to engage and help others
after you?
Are you willing to earn God's trust?
Are you sufficiently rational to accept
Yahowah's offer once you are aware of it
and you respond to it?
You should want to sing, this says again,
to Yahowah.
Ah, what a wonderful close.
You should want to sing to Yahowah who
establishes a dwelling place on Tsyown
the signs posted along the way.
Of your own volition,
choose to report among the people and
family.
It's done.
Mizmowr lyrics to sing psalm so first
of all we'll find the covenant home on
the summit of that ridge line of Tsyown
which is mowryah and the temple mount and
it is along that ridge line between the
city of Dowd and Dowd's home and Yahowah's
covenant family home at the top
of Mount Moriah,
that these signs are posted along the way
that tell us the way to come home.
And God is going to establish his ultimate
dwelling place right there with us during
the millennial Shabbat,
as the clutter of the Temple Mount and
the Islamic scars are removed.
Initially,
the tent of the Restoring Witness with the
Ark of the Covenant will be placed there
once the rubbish is cleansed away.
And then after that time,
we should expect to see,
upon Dowd's return,
the ultimate family home.
built likely out of light and energy.
This is what awaits those who embrace
Yahowah's name and accept the terms and
conditions of the covenant.
But as I have said,
God wants more from us than just to
know what He is offering and expects in
return and act upon it.
He wants us to choose to engage.
To make the world better.
To be about the family business.
Which means you should choose to report
among the people and the family what he
has done.
Whether what he has done is Dowd, Yahowah,
or this son who is offered on this
day.
It all matters.
It's all a collaborative effort.
And this is the prime objective.
It's not just knowing the truth,
but it's engaging and making a difference
in our world, making a contribution.
So when you meet Yahowah,
you don't feel like, you know,
a deadbeat that you were just nothing
but...
pure work on his part where he did
all of it and you're just there by
a thread.
Don't you want to be able to show
up with God,
knowing that you made a contribution with
God smiling and saying, you know,
that was really some good work you did
there.
I appreciate it.
Look at all of these additional souls that
are here because you reported this news,
because you engaged,
because you made a difference, because...
You showed me that you wanted to be
part of this family and contribute to it,
which is why I trust you to be
here with me now.
So it's the desire to sing and share
what we have come to know.
And it should flow out of us like
a spring of living waters.
It is why these words now appear before
your eyes.
So no matter how majestic the name,
how melodious the song,
how marvelous the lyrics,
how lovely the home,
how magnanimous the deeds,
or how compelling and beneficial the
report,
If you don't acknowledge and accept the
offer, then it is all for naught,
at least for the recalcitrant soul.
So it's important that you not only
embrace the name of God,
the sacrifice of His Son,
and what's going to transpire between now
and His return,
but all of the lyrics that Yahowah has
provided for us.
are reinforcing, edifying, enhancing,
empowering.
And we should not only accept them,
know them, appreciate them,
grow from them, but also share them.
It's important to know that Yahowah has but
one home on earth.
It is Tsyown.
It's the ridgeline that runs along the
crest of Moriah from Dowd's residence to
the summit.
If you're looking for God,
do not bother with the Vatican,
with Mecca or America.
You will not find Him there unless you're
searching within the Towrah.
If you are not already on the right
side of these words,
I hope you consider them again until you
are.
If you're ready,
then as we approach this next statement,
be mindful of the fact that God,
any God who would forgive and then forget
the circumstances surrounding those who
have horrifically abused his children,
Torturing and killing them is neither just
nor compassionate,
neither fair nor loving.
And since Yahowah is all of these things,
he will do the right thing,
which is to expose, judge, condemn,
and punish those who have tormented his
people,
even if he does it through a surrogate,
a person of his choosing,
along with those who have encouraged them,
there will be recompense.
Indeed,
he who accounts for blood is mindful of
them,
And he will not overlook or forget the
cry of distress and the screams of pain
or the misery that has been imposed upon
the inflicted.
Lyrics to sing Psalm nine, twelve.
This is essential.
It's important that you know that there is
more to judgment than the simple heaven
and hell.
In fact, as I have shared,
very few people are going to heaven.
Hell up to this point has been fairly
sparsely populated.
Most peoples have their souls simply
extinguished upon their death, no reward,
no penalty.
As we move through these next seven years,
it's going to be really brutal and a
higher percentage are going to earn Sheowl.
But it isn't just Sheowl.
for the guilty,
for those who have promoted religion and
politics.
It isn't just the choice of the
extermination of their soul or the
incarceration of their soul,
because God's going to remember.
He's going to make certain that there's
recompense for the most egregious abusers.
And in their trials,
we're going to see those that they
victimized get closure by knowing that
those who tortured them were ultimately
held accountable.
Should you have wondered if God has
witnessed the agonizing pain inflicted by,
well, a Catholic inquisitioner,
a European concentration camp guard,
or the Islamic terrorists?
Well, now you know.
And if you were concerned that the
government's religious institutions and
citizenry that justified it,
that capitalized upon it and allowed them
to get away with murder would be held
accountable, well,
your mind can be put at ease.
That will be the case.
While it is politically incorrect,
it is absolutely true.
To love, we must know what, when, why,
and how to hate.
One cannot be merciful without opposing
that which is contrary to our Creator's
testimony and opposed to our best
interests.
To engage in this regard,
we must know right from wrong and
appreciate the power of words,
allowing Yahowah's testimony to work as it
has always been intended.
Once we have done as compassion requires,
we ought to trust Yahowah to complete the
job.
Doing as he has promised.
There is life in these words.
Christians are wont to see their Jesus
returning in a flowing white robe with
outstretched hands,
welcoming the world to him.
Muslims believe that Allah will engage at
last and he will kill all the infidels,
beginning with the Jews and then the
Christians.
But neither of these are going to occur.
But as is the case with all religious
deceptions,
there is an element of truth that runs
through both myths.
God is returning and he will welcome his
family with outstretched arms.
However, he's...
most of the family in fact all of
the family that he is going to welcome
will have already capitalized on the
preceding two harvest and those that that
will greet him on his return with Dowd
will just be babies purged of the
religiosity given a second chance and for
them to have that second chance all others
must go
So as much as any,
I think this was one of the reasons
that Yahowah valued his relationship with
Dowd.
It says,
you have chosen to be generous and to
favor me, Yahowah.
By choice,
you have seen my tremendous dedication to
accomplishing the mission of being a
witness and my frustration over the abuse
that I have endured as a result of
responding and accomplishing the goal from
those who dislike and shun me.
So as to...
lift me up on high honoring exalting
me from the gates of death psalm nine
three nine thirteen I should say um Dowd
as most maligned man in human history um
the rabbis demean him the christians rob
him uh and he is uh
He's been the product of identity theft
because there is no way to create the
religions of Christianity and Judaism in
particular.
Without Judaism, there is no Islam.
And without robbing Dowd of his due,
those religions don't exist.
And it's Jews who are responsible for all
of this.
And so Dowd is saying, you know, God,
you've been generous to me,
even though
As I have dedicated myself, and he did,
at the end of his life,
he made the commitment that he would
fulfill in his second of three lives,
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And so when he did what he was
called to do,
that's the point in time where the
religious turned on him.
And so it's God who is going to
lift him up,
exalting him and eliminating those who
robbed him of his dignity through
Christianity and Judaism.
So I wasn't the first and won't be
the last to have been blindsided regarding
the malicious shunning of Dowd,
and yet it's hard to understand why our
collective ignorance is so pervasive,
especially considering how prevalent this
message has been throughout the Mizmowr,
throughout the Psalms.
For this concern to be emphasized in this
manner by Yahowah,
it's clearly something He wants us to know
so that we can do whatever is required.
to counter its derogatory effects.
So in this case,
it's hard to imagine a more difficult
situation or dire result.
The religious have done themselves
irreparable harm by denying Dowd his due.
He is no longer considered the shepherd of
God's people,
the beloved son of God or the Messiah,
and yet
It is Dowd who is the chosen one,
the King of Kings,
who will return with Yah on Kipurym to
reconcile his people.
Moreover, Dowd saved them,
saved all of us,
serving as the Passover lamb,
perfecting the willing by removing our
guilt on Matsah.
Dowd is the prophet and inspired lyricist
who most endeared himself to Yah.
He is the living embodiment of the
covenant.
And yet, tragically,
Israel has reduced David to a God-forsaken
star on their flag,
selling his reputation with the very
symbol that Gentiles,
through their religion, politics,
and conspiracies,
used to demonize and dehumanize Jews
during the Holocaust.
Making matters worse, Akiba revered,
who was the revered father of Judaism,
promoted a false messiah rather than
accept Dowd.
And then Maimonides made the anticipated
arrival of an unknown messiah one of the
thirteen principles of his religion.
And to this day,
rabbis deny the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
as well as the Shabuwah and Taruwah harvests.
I'm being given a message from Rich that
we've gone much longer than we would
normally go.
And part of it is that I didn't
have the opportunity since I'm spending
all of my waking hours trying to conclude
this book that is now becoming part of
of our Yahowah Vlog program.
And so I didn't look and see how
long the ninth Mizmowr is.
So I don't know if I go another
five minutes, do I reach the end?
And we have concluded that volume and we
can move on to volume two of coming
home.
Or am I only halfway through and it
would be the stars will come out before
I finish is the question that I don't
know the answer to.
So a little help in that regard would
probably be a good idea.
But the fact is that we do have
a show tonight.
It usually goes two hours or more.
And as a man who wasn't as young
as he once was,
um five hours uh is more than the
voice can handle in a uh in a
single day so I’m gonna get a uh
um
Okay,
so I'm being told that I'm a ways
from finished,
that there'd be enough for an entire show
to conclude the ninth Mizmowr.
If we conclude this here,
and this is a really a wonderful place
to bid you adieu,
to recognize that
That weather permitting,
we'll be back out here on this patio
on Monday.
They will have a chance to have a
really inspiring show this evening during
family hour.
And we can conclude volume one of The
Voice of Coming Home early next week.
I thank you so much for listening.
Good day.